- From this point onwards, a simple Playground Page won't be enough and you will be required to create an Xcode project. I recommend watching this video first that thoroughly explains all of the basic usage of Xcode that you'll need.
	- [How to use Xcode in SwiftUI project](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-ntKJdVNBs&list=PLwvDm4VfkdphqETTBf-DdjCoAvhai1QpO&index=2&ab_channel=SwiftfulThinking)
- Your most used tools when building an app will most likely be the Preview window on the right, the navigator on the left and of course, your code editor in the middle. A really helpful tool at the beginning will also be the library. You can see a `+` sign on the top-right of the Xcode window. You can Use the library to add every component you could think of. Also, I recommend clicking on the Project in the left navigator, and you will get a bunch of advanced settings for your app. Here's a basic list of the most important stuff inside of there:
- `Dispaly Name` is actually what your app will be named when you will publish it onto the AppStore (and what the user will see on their home screen when they install it)
- `Version` should be used when you update your app on the AppStore. Everytime you will push new features or bugfixes for all users of your app, you will have to increment this number. You can do this multiple ways, but what I'd recommend is using a system like this [Versioning mobile app releases like a pro](https://gabrielleearnshaw.medium.com/versioning-mobile-app-releases-like-a-pro-25137766150a) explained here (presumably you start with version 1.0.0):
	- `patches` - your app should be changed from version number 1.0.0 to version number 1.0.1, this should be used for when you just fix bugs within your app or for very incremental changes
	- `minor updates` - as the name suggests, minor app updates that do include new functionalities, maybe a new feature that users have requested, a new UI improvement, or stuff like this. Instead of version 1.0.2, we will go from 1.0.1 to 1.1.0
	- `major updates` - for really big stuff, like a project rewrite, implementing a bunch of new features or a whole new section of your app, etc. Here instead of using 1.2.0, we will use 2.0.0
- `Build` used for when you don't push updates to the AppStore and users don't see these. Maybe before you release an update you found some bugs and you fix them, instead of changing version you change build number (e.g., instead of using `Version 1.0.1 Build 1` you will use `Version 1.0.1 Build 2`, and also make sure that when you do push an update you revert the Build number back to the original)
- `App Icons` is what your app icon will be when published inside of the AppStore. You will be required to add an icon for your app if you ever want to publish it, and there are multiple pixel sizes which you can check if you click on the `Assets` folder inside of the project navigator