Think of Concurrency as Swift’s fancy way of naming Asynchronous operations. Concurrency is Swift’s built-in way of writing the this type of operations. But what does [Asynchronous](https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/asynchronous-programming) actually means? Well, it refers to the fact that a piece of code actually runs in parallel to the main program flow. That's why it's called concurrency in Swift, because actions take place concurrently with program execution, without the app needing to wait for the results. In short, it is code that can run independently without requiring to wait for some part of it to be run. Think of videogame loading screen, and what happens when you go to a new level. The game has to load the assets required for your level, for your character, calculate the vector graphics, get your stats, your HP, etc. Well, imagine how long it would take if the game wasn't allowed to load all of this stuff in parallel, and instead it would first load the assets, then start building the environment and place each of the asset independently to where they belong, then render the graphics and so on. So what this actually does is it allows the user to go about his business in your application, while your app loads other stuff in the background that may or may not be required for future user actions.
Now, let's go back to Swift and talk about [Concurrency](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/documentation/the-swift-programming-language/concurrency/#). 